# ToStartWith
My introduction, what I am here for, and why you should read this in the first place
My name is Aslynn Frost. Of course, this is not my real name. You may have seen this name on Wattpad, or on Discord, or on other social media platforms. All of those accounts, they are mine. However, I am soon going to be deleting most of them. My digital footprint is more prominent than I have ever realized, and now I am choosing to use this foot print in order to do something useful, and hopefully inspiring. I am also choosing to start a YouTube channel, specifically for inspiration and to give politcal, or social opinions, or to teach about self-care and what one needs to do to better themselves. Here, however, it is purely about bettering ones-self. The way I will be going about doing this is to offer my life story in order to teach and lend a hand to others. This is my first attempt at something like this and I love to do all of these things in my little blog here and intend to make this the best thing that I have ever done with my life. Now whether or not someone notices my tiny existence upon this platform or whether I delete this and just start over, that is up to me and to nooone else. However, as of now, I am not going to delete after a few days, I am going to keep posting until someone starts to care, because when you are passionate about somehting and you choose to keep doing that thing despite all opposition, THAT and THAT ALONE will create change and this is a firm and core beleif of mine. This is my first post. Keep a look out for more.....
Have a good day, Aslynn Frost
